shooting in the center of Almaty the man opened
firing by a service center employee
just because he refused
repair the refrigerator in the end
workshop worker with multiple
wounded hospitalized shooter
explained that he only defended the honor
wives center staff allegedly insulted her
scuffle hit the camera lenses
Observations plover whether it will tell to
what can the broken ones bring
refrigerators
shoot shoot take shoot no no all fight 6
The shots became the culmination of this story
Everything happened in the center of Almaty and the client
refused to repair the refrigerator she
complained to his wife and he decided
sort out the attack underwent
the service engineer first had a fight after
Husband offended client and completely opened
shooting
assailant's wife recognizes her spouse
really shot but firstly
there was a misfire second he defended
ladies honor
my husband can of course agree
current legislation committed
offense
however, I think he acted like
real man he hit my
offender and a fight ensued between them
my spouse is forced to applied
traumatic weapon in order
self defense when the injured nikolai
Petrovich began to kill my spouse
metal urn and salt in this story
the victim considers himself half an hour before the fight
claims her cruelly humiliated and insulted
an employee of this very service center but
her only mental injuries but
employee who was attacked by corporal
Nikolai Pervukhin for 20 years, Perry mending
a lot of technology
says never thought that because
ordinary refrigerator will have to repair
him
the executioner will pull in everywhere
everything that happened filmed the camera
outdoor surveillance service staff
shoot him shoot shoot shoot
your
the wife of the affected technician speak u
family has already gone about half a million on
treatment of the executed spouse when
shot a plaque belt and here it is or
it bounced off ie got into the belt
got into a belt of trousers and to the right of a jacket and
pants in general and pants all this
flew into the groin early such with 100 tenge
they are now observing the state
heavy shooter himself is now under
the investigation opened a criminal case
by the way his spouse assures permission to
carrying a traumatic weapon with her husband
there is who would have thought that
a refrigerator can cause such
criminal history to sort out
which is now to be
Investigator benefit is a video which
help analyze
incident rarely shop her spouse
believes that this is a private conflict
and no one should interfere in it
relatives of the victim opposite
really want to punish the offenders and already
looking for money for treatment
We Antalya shaft behind the wheel usa Ivan
potters cct lipstick and